Clarify NetPol applies to connections, not pkts (#43438)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies.md

A pod is isolated for egress if there is any NetworkPolicy that both selects the pod and has
"Egress" in its `policyTypes`; we say that such a policy applies to the pod for egress.
When a pod is isolated for egress, the only allowed connections from the pod are those allowed by
the `egress` list of some NetworkPolicy that applies to the pod for egress. Reply traffic for those

> allowed connections will also be implicitly allowed.

Reviewer: Is this about reply packets for traffic allowed by an _ingress_ rule? We're talking here about which packets are allowed to egress.

Reviewer 2: @sftim she means that when you do a connection to B and is allowed in egress, the reply from B, that belongs to that connection , will be allowed too 

so it will be a stateful firewall as it will implicitly recognize that the incoming traffic is allowed because belongs to a connection that was allowed in egress

- The ability to prevent loopback or incoming host traffic (Pods cannot currently block localhost
  access, nor do they have the ability to block access from their resident node).

## NetworkPolicy's impact on existing connections

When the set of NetworkPolicies that applies to an existing connection changes - this could happen
either due to a change in NetworkPolicies or if the relevant labels of the namespaces/pods selected by the
policy (both subject and peers) are changed in the middle of an existing connection - it is
implementation defined as to whether the change will take effect for that existing connection or not.

> Example: A policy is created that leads to denying a previously allowed connection, the underlying CNI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example: A policy is created that leads to denying a previously allowed connection, the underlying network plugin
```

see line 45

Author: ah ack, good point, will repush this asap

Author: done.

- The ability to prevent loopback or incoming host traffic (Pods cannot currently block localhost
  access, nor do they have the ability to block access from their resident node).

> ## Recommendations for Users
> 
> This section covers a set of recommended best practices to follow when using NetworkPolicies.

Reviewer: Optional feedback, but I do recommend a change here.
The actual recommendation appears quite late in the single-item list.

I'd write:
```suggestion
## NetworkPolicy changes and impact on existing connections {#policy-change-undefined-behavior}
```

Author: ack I renamed it to a subsection `NetworkPolicy impact on existing connections`

- NetworkPolicies apply to connections and not packets. Thus if a NetworkPolicy is applied

>   in the middle of an existing connection its implementation defined as to whether the policy

Reviewer 3: nit, but should be "it's" with an apostrophe as a contraction for "it is"

Author: done

>   in the middle of an existing connection its implementation defined as to whether the policy

Reviewer 4: This is a non sequitur: NP _could_ have been defined in such a way that both (a) policies apply to connections and not packets, _and_ (b) the effect of changing policies when there are open connections _is_ well-defined. The fact that this situation is not well defined is not _because_ NPs apply to connections rather than packets. I would just omit the first sentence. (And the "Thus".)

Also, this isn't just about changing NetworkPolicies: the same ambiguity applies to when you change the Pods or Namespaces (eg, changing the labels on a Pod so that it starts/stops matching a NetworkPolicy). So something like: "When the set of NetworkPolicies that applies to an existing connection changes such that the connection would no longer be allowed, it is implementation defined as to whether the existing connection will be closed."

Author: ack I have tried to incorporate what you wrote here, hopefully the second update makes better sense :D
